Add new section and guides on versioning and accessing older docs versions (#2130)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/update_and_migration/versioning.md

# Versioning policy

> Meilisearch releases contain performance improvements, bug fixes, and new features, but may not always maintain full compatibility between Meilisearch versions.

Reviewer: The habit of writing intro/topic sentences/paragraphs is a difficult one to unlearn, eh? 😁 

```suggestion
```

> This article describes the system behind Meilisearch's release versions and how they relate to SDK and documentation versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article describes the system behind Meilisearch's version numbering, compatibility between Meilisearch versions, and how Meilisearch version numbers relate to SDK and documentation versions.
```

> ## Engine versioning

Reviewer: This is a lot of text. Without getting too much into the content—which strikes me as a bit confusing—we need bullet points or a table here to make it more readable, plus sub-sections detailing the answers to specific questions users might have (e.g. how frequently will the core engine update? which versions will be supported long-term? how do we handle inter-version compatibility?). Break it down to make the page more scannable.

I find the way SEMVER is presented in the integration versioning policy to be pretty good, although the language is probably more technical than we would like:

> 🔥 Given a version number MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH, increment the:
>
> 1. MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes
> 2. MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards compatible manner
> 3. PATCH version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes

- MAJOR versions contain changes that break compatibility between releases
- MINOR versions introduce new features that are backwards compatible
- PATCH versions only contain high-priority bug fixes and security updates

::: warning
Prior to Meilisearch v1, MINOR versions also broke compatibility between releases.
:::

### Release schedule

Meilisearch releases new versions between four and six times a year. This number does not include PATCH releases.

### Support for previous versions

> Meilisearch only maintains the latest engine release. Currently, there are no EOL and LTS policies. These will be outlined with the launch of Meilisearch v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meilisearch only maintains the latest engine release. Currently, there are no EOL (End of Life) or LTS (Long-Term Support) policies.
```

## SDK versioning

Meilisearch release versions are not connected to SDK versions. SDKs follow their own release schedules and must address issues external to compatibility with Meilisearch. For example, there is no guarantee `meilisearch-js` v0.30 will work with Meilisearch v0.30.

> When using an SDK, consult its dedicated documentation and README to determine which Meilisearch versions and features it supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an SDK, always consult its repository README, release description, and any dedicated documentation to determine which Meilisearch versions and features it supports.
```

> Consult the [SDK versioning policy](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides/blob/main/resources/versioning.md) for more information.

Reviewer: This link is broken until the [currently open PR](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides/pull/235) is merged. Signal to @brunoocasali that we will need this to be merged on release day at the latest 😄 🚀

## Documentation versioning

> The Meilisearch documentation follows the latest Meilisearch version. Meilisearch does not maintain documentation for past releases.

Reviewer 2: The [first-person rule](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/blob/main/.vale/styles/Meilisearch/FirstPerson.yml) only includes "I", "me". We use "we" in a lot of places, over 40 files

> The Meilisearch documentation follows the latest Meilisearch version. Meilisearch does not maintain documentation for past releases.

Reviewer: Ohh, good to know! Edited my suggestion
